add header member to error source object (#1533)
json-api/json-api: _format/1.1/index.md

  localization.
* `detail`: a human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the
  problem. Like `title`, this field's value can be localized.
* `source`: an object containing references to the primary source of the error.
  It **SHOULD** include one of the following members or be omitted:
  * `pointer`: a JSON Pointer [[RFC6901](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6901)]
    to the value in the request document that caused the error [e.g. `"/data"`
    for a primary data object, or `"/data/attributes/title"` for a specific
    attribute]. This **MUST** point to a value in the request document that
    exists; if it doesn't, the client **SHOULD** simply ignore the pointer.
  * `parameter`: a string indicating which URI query parameter caused
    the error.

>   * `header`: a string indicating the name of a single request header which

Reviewer: > a single request header

I appreciate this thoroughness! 🙏

  localization.
* `detail`: a human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the
  problem. Like `title`, this field's value can be localized.

> * `source`: an object containing references to the source of the error.
>   It **SHOULD** include one of the following members or be omitted:
>   optionally including any of the following members:

Reviewer 2: It looks like the middle line was added instead of replacing the last. I also added the word "primary" to the first line.

```suggestion
* `source`: an object containing references to the primary source of the error.
  It **SHOULD** include one of the following members or be omitted:
```

Author: --sigh--

I should not be allowed to wield natural languages before the first pot of coffee has soaked in.

    exists; if it doesn't, the client **SHOULD** simply ignore the pointer.
  * `parameter`: a string indicating which URI query parameter caused
    the error.
  * `header`: a string indicating the name of a single request header which
    caused the error.
  If none of these members are provided, the `source` member **SHOULD** be

>   omitted.

Reviewer 2: It would be less likely to be overlooked if we move this line up to the definition of the source. In the issue, we also discussed recommending only one member gets set. I think the following is still backward compatible.

```
`source`: an object containing reference to the primary source of the error.
  It **SHOULD** include one of the following members or be omitted:
```

Author: @richard-rance: Agreed; incorporated your suggestion.
